README.md, before:

# Multimedia Gallery Project

## Project Overview
The **Multimedia Gallery** is a simple, educational website designed to demonstrate the integration of various media types into a web environment. Built entirely with **HTML5, CSS3, and Vanilla JavaScript**, it serves as a virtual museum exhibit where users can explore images, listen to audio, and watch videos.

This project was created to fulfill the requirements of a **Multimedia** subject, focusing on the technical and aesthetic aspects of combining text, graphics, audio, video, and interactivity without relying on complex frameworks.

## File Structure & Descriptions

### HTML Pages (Content)
- **`index.html` (Home)**: The landing page of the museum. It features a cinematic hero image, a welcome message, and a global audio controller for background music.
- **`gallery.html` (Image Exhibits)**: Displays a grid of artwork. It demonstrates **interactivity** by using a JavaScript-powered modal (popup) to show high-resolution images and descriptions when a user clicks on a card.
- **`video.html` (Video Exhibits)**: Showcases video content using the HTML5 `<video>` tag. It includes custom captions and demonstrates how to embed and control video playback on the web.
- **`about.html` (About)**: Provides context about the museum. It combines formatted text with a descriptive image to present information clearly.

### Styles & Logic
- **`style.css` (Styling)**: Handles the visual presentation.
    - Uses **CSS Variables** for consistent theming (Dark/Gold "Museum" aesthetic).
    - Implements **Flexbox and Grid** for responsive layouts.
    - Adds **Animations** (hover effects, transitions) to enhance user engagement.
- **`script.js` (Interactivity)**: Manages the dynamic behavior.
    - **Audio Toggle**: Allows the user to play or pause the background music, persisting the state across the session (conceptually).
    - **Modal Logic**: Listens for clicks on gallery items to open the detailed view and handles closing the modal.

### Assets
- **`assets/images/`**: Stores all image files used in the project, including the hero background and gallery exhibits.

## Alignment with Multimedia Objectives
This project directly addresses core concepts of Multimedia design:

1.  **Text**: Structured and formatted content (headings, paragraphs) to convey information.
2.  **Graphics**: Use of high-quality images (`<img>`) and background images (CSS) to create visual appeal.
3.  **Audio**: Integration of background music (`<audio>`) to set the mood/atmosphere.
4.  **Video**: Embedding moving pictures (`<video>`) to provide dynamic content.
5.  **Animation**: CSS transitions and hover states to make the interface feel "alive."
6.  **Interactivity**: JavaScript event listeners (clicks) that allow the user to control the experience (navigating, playing media, opening modals).

## How to Run Locally

### Option 1: Python Local Server (Recommended)
Since you have Python installed, this is the best way to run the site as it properly handles file paths and media loading.

1.  Open your terminal.
2.  Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd /mnt/data/Projects/MultiMedia
    ```
3.  Start the server:
    ```bash
    python3 -m http.server 8000
    ```
4.  Open your web browser and go to:
    [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

### Option 2: Direct File Open
You can also simply double-click the `index.html` file to open it in your browser, though some browser security settings might restrict certain features.

Commit message:

adding way to clone the propject and testing it local

README.md, after:

# Multimedia Gallery Project

## Project Overview
The **Multimedia Gallery** is a simple, educational website designed to demonstrate the integration of various media types into a web environment. Built entirely with **HTML5, CSS3, and Vanilla JavaScript**, it serves as a virtual museum exhibit where users can explore images, listen to audio, and watch videos.

This project was created to fulfill the requirements of a **Multimedia** subject, focusing on the technical and aesthetic aspects of combining text, graphics, audio, video, and interactivity without relying on complex frameworks.

## File Structure & Descriptions

### HTML Pages (Content)
- **`index.html` (Home)**: The landing page of the museum. It features a cinematic hero image, a welcome message, and a global audio controller for background music.
- **`gallery.html` (Image Exhibits)**: Displays a grid of artwork. It demonstrates **interactivity** by using a JavaScript-powered modal (popup) to show high-resolution images and descriptions when a user clicks on a card.
- **`video.html` (Video Exhibits)**: Showcases video content using the HTML5 `<video>` tag. It includes custom captions and demonstrates how to embed and control video playback on the web.
- **`about.html` (About)**: Provides context about the museum. It combines formatted text with a descriptive image to present information clearly.

### Styles & Logic
- **`style.css` (Styling)**: Handles the visual presentation.
    - Uses **CSS Variables** for consistent theming (Dark/Gold "Museum" aesthetic).
    - Implements **Flexbox and Grid** for responsive layouts.
    - Adds **Animations** (hover effects, transitions) to enhance user engagement.
- **`script.js` (Interactivity)**: Manages the dynamic behavior.
    - **Audio Toggle**: Allows the user to play or pause the background music, persisting the state across the session (conceptually).
    - **Modal Logic**: Listens for clicks on gallery items to open the detailed view and handles closing the modal.

### Assets
- **`assets/images/`**: Stores all image files used in the project, including the hero background and gallery exhibits.

## Alignment with Multimedia Objectives
This project directly addresses core concepts of Multimedia design:

1.  **Text**: Structured and formatted content (headings, paragraphs) to convey information.
2.  **Graphics**: Use of high-quality images (`<img>`) and background images (CSS) to create visual appeal.
3.  **Audio**: Integration of background music (`<audio>`) to set the mood/atmosphere.
4.  **Video**: Embedding moving pictures (`<video>`) to provide dynamic content.
5.  **Animation**: CSS transitions and hover states to make the interface feel "alive."
6.  **Interactivity**: JavaScript event listeners (clicks) that allow the user to control the experience (navigating, playing media, opening modals).

## How to Run Locally

To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

### 1. Clone the Repository
Open your terminal and run the following command to clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/marwan-asem/Multi_Media.git
```

### 2. Navigate to the Directory
Change into the project directory:
```bash
cd Multi_Media
```

### 3. Run the Project
You can run the project using a simple local server.

#### Using Python (Recommended)
If you have Python installed:
```bash
python3 -m http.server 8000
```
Then open your browser and visit: [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000)

#### Using VS Code Live Server
If you use Visual Studio Code:
1.  Install the "Live Server" extension.
2.  Right-click on `index.html`.
3.  Select "Open with Live Server".

### 4. Direct File Open
Alternatively, you can simply double-click the `index.html` file to open it in your browser, though some features might be restricted by browser security settings.
